Parameterize reindex job in GitLab with catalog to reindex (#5336) (#6000)
DataBiosphere/azul: OPERATOR.rst

.. _click here: https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/pull/3050#issuecomment-840033931

Reindexing a specific catalog in GitLab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From the GitLab console, select the reindex job for the pipeline that needs

> reindexing of any targeted catalog/s. From there, you should see an option for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reindexing of a targeted catalog. From there, you should see an option for
```

defining key, value pair of variables. These are to be used as an environement
variables in this run to enforce any last minute configuration changes.

> Set ``Key=azul_current_catalog`` and Value to the desired catalog/s to be
> index, for example, if we want to only index ``dcp3``, then set ``Value=dcp3``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set ``Key`` to ``azul_current_catalog``, and ``Value`` to the desired catalog to be
indexed, for example, ``dcp3``.
```

Once you've confirm this is the desired configuration, start the reindex by
clicking on ``Run job``.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Repeat these steps to index any additional catalogs.
```

.. _click here: https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/pull/3050#issuecomment-840033931

Reindexing a specific catalog in GitLab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From the GitLab console, select the reindex job for the pipeline that needs
reindexing of a targeted catalog. From there, you should see an option for
defining a key, value pair of variables. These are to be used as an
environement variable in this run, to enforce any last minute configuration
changes.

> Set ``Key`` to ``azul_current_catalog``, and ``Value`` to the desired catalog to be
> indexed, for example, ``dcp3``. Once you've confirm this is the desired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set ``Key`` to ``azul_current_catalog``, and ``Value`` to the desired catalog to
be indexed, for example, ``dcp3``. Once you've confirm this is the desired

```

Reviewer: Sorry, my previous suggestion wasn't properly formatted for an 80 character line.

> From the GitLab console, select the reindex job for the pipeline that needs
> reindexing of a targeted catalog. From there, you should see an option for
> defining a key, value pair of variables. These are to be used as an
> environement variable in this run, to enforce any last minute configuration
> changes.
> 
> Set ``Key`` to ``azul_current_catalog``, and ``Value`` to the desired catalog
> to be indexed, for example, ``dcp3``. Once you've confirm this is the desired
> configuration, start the reindex by clicking on ``Run job``.
> 
> Repeat these steps to index any additional catalogs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the GitLab web app, select the ``reindex`` job for the pipeline that needs
reindexing of a specific catalog. From there, you should see an option for
defining the key and value of additional variables to parameterize the job with.

Set ``Key`` to ``azul_current_catalog``, and ``Value`` to the name of the catalog
to be reindexed, for example, ``dcp3``. Check the inputs you just made. Start the ``reindex`` job by clicking on ``Run job``. Wait until the job has completed.

Repeat these steps to reindex any additional catalogs.
```

Reviewer 2: We should also add a note that this applies to the `reindex_early` job as well.
